PUBLICITY.md, before:

---
title : Publicity and descriptions for Python Instruction
---

# Facetweet announcement

The social scientist's complete introduction to Python - starting soon! [insert link here](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)

# Descriptions for website

## Header

**title** : Python for Everything

**description** : This five part, interactive workshop series is your complete introduction to the capabilities of the Python language. By the end of the series, you will be able to apply your knowledge of basic principles of programming and data manipulation to collect data, process unstructured data, analyze tabular data, and automate the entire process.

## Part 0

**subtitle** : Getting started with Python

**description** : Students will be understand the motivation behind object orientation and how that relates to computation. Students will be able to use different methods of interacting with the Python interpreter, and will be able to execute basic functions in python like importing and printing. Students will understand what datatypes are, and why it matters that they have been delineated.

**knowledge requirements** : [Programming Fun!damentals](https://github.com/dlab-berkeley/programming-fundamentals), or equivalent prior knowledge

**tech requirements** : Laptop required; please install the [Anaconda distribution of Python 3](https://www.continuum.io/downloads) or its equivalent. The [PyCharm IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm-edu/download/),  is recommended, but not required

## Part 1

**subtitle** : Data structures and iterators

**description** : Students will learn how datatypes are combined into structures, and how these structures are instances of classes. Students be able to choose the correct data structure to fit a purpose, and then interact with it successfully. Students will understand the logic behind looping, iterators, and generators, and apply it to data structures. This workshop serves as an introduction to interacting with your operating system.

**knowledge requirements** : Python for Everything Part 0, or equivalent prior knowledge

**tech requirements** : Laptop required; please install the [Anaconda distribution of Python 3](https://www.continuum.io/downloads) or its equivalent. The [PyCharm IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm-edu/download/),  is recommended, but not required

## Part 2

**subtitle** : Exceptions and web data

**description** : Students will learn how to write code that can make decisions and handle unexpected events. Students will have a basic understanding of how data is passed over networks, and how HTML is hierarchically structured. Students will be introduced to the concept of linked objects, and will parse structured documents with BeautifulSoup. This workshop serves as an introduction to automation.

**knowledge requirements** : Python for Everything Part 1, or equivalent prior knowledge

**tech requirements** : Laptop required; please install the [Anaconda distribution of Python 3](https://www.continuum.io/downloads) or its equivalent. The [PyCharm IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm-edu/download/),  is recommended, but not required

## Part 3

**subtitle** : Intro to tabular data in Python

**description** : Students will plan, build, and execute an analytical pipeline that pulls data from a web API and transforms it into rectangular data.  Students will learn how to clean, shape, and merge tables in Python. These tables will then be graphed, and analyzed statistically. This workshop introduces the Scipy stack.

**knowledge requirements** : Python for Everything Part 2, or equivalent prior knowledge

**tech requirements** : Laptop required; please install the [Anaconda distribution of Python 3](https://www.continuum.io/downloads) or its equivalent. The [PyCharm IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm-edu/download/),  is recommended, but not required

## Part 4

**subtitle** : Intro to text analysis in Python

**description** : Students will learn the basics of cleaning, transforming, and formatting text data. They will build corpora, pull specific elements out of text strings, and pull simple metrics from text data like word counts and sentiment polarity. Students will be introcued to document classification. This workshop intoduces the basics of NLTK and gensim.

**knowledge requirements** : Python for Everything Part 3, or equivalent prior knowledge

**tech requirements** : Laptop required; please install the [Anaconda distribution of Python 3](https://www.continuum.io/downloads) or its equivalent. The [PyCharm IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm-edu/download/),  is recommended, but not required

Commit message:

explicit half-hour added to PUB

PUBLICITY.md, after:

---
title : Publicity and descriptions for Python Instruction
---

# Facetweet announcement

The social scientist's complete introduction to Python - starting soon! [insert link here](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)

# Information for calendar

The workshop duration is 3hrs per day. Many students like to hang around for a bit after the classes end, so please keep the room reserved for half an hour after the end of the workshop.

# Descriptions for website

## Header

**title** : Python for Everything

**description** : This five part, interactive workshop series is your complete introduction to the capabilities of the Python language. By the end of the series, you will be able to apply your knowledge of basic principles of programming and data manipulation to collect data, process unstructured data, analyze tabular data, and automate the entire process.

## Part 0

**subtitle** : Getting started with Python

**description** : Students will be understand the motivation behind object orientation and how that relates to computation. Students will be able to use different methods of interacting with the Python interpreter, and will be able to execute basic functions in python like importing and printing. Students will understand what datatypes are, and why it matters that they have been delineated.

**knowledge requirements** : [Programming Fun!damentals](https://github.com/dlab-berkeley/programming-fundamentals), or equivalent prior knowledge

**tech requirements** : Laptop required; please install the [Anaconda distribution of Python 3](https://www.continuum.io/downloads) or its equivalent. The [PyCharm IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm-edu/download/),  is recommended, but not required

## Part 1

**subtitle** : Data structures and iterators

**description** : Students will learn how datatypes are combined into structures, and how these structures are instances of classes. Students be able to choose the correct data structure to fit a purpose, and then interact with it successfully. Students will understand the logic behind looping, iterators, and generators, and apply it to data structures. This workshop serves as an introduction to interacting with your operating system.

**knowledge requirements** : Python for Everything Part 0, or equivalent prior knowledge

**tech requirements** : Laptop required; please install the [Anaconda distribution of Python 3](https://www.continuum.io/downloads) or its equivalent. The [PyCharm IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm-edu/download/),  is recommended, but not required

## Part 2

**subtitle** : Exceptions and web data

**description** : Students will learn how to write code that can make decisions and handle unexpected events. Students will have a basic understanding of how data is passed over networks, and how HTML is hierarchically structured. Students will be introduced to the concept of linked objects, and will parse structured documents with BeautifulSoup. This workshop serves as an introduction to automation.

**knowledge requirements** : Python for Everything Part 1, or equivalent prior knowledge

**tech requirements** : Laptop required; please install the [Anaconda distribution of Python 3](https://www.continuum.io/downloads) or its equivalent. The [PyCharm IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm-edu/download/),  is recommended, but not required

## Part 3

**subtitle** : Intro to tabular data in Python

**description** : Students will plan, build, and execute an analytical pipeline that pulls data from a web API and transforms it into rectangular data.  Students will learn how to clean, shape, and merge tables in Python. These tables will then be graphed, and analyzed statistically. This workshop introduces the Scipy stack.

**knowledge requirements** : Python for Everything Part 2, or equivalent prior knowledge

**tech requirements** : Laptop required; please install the [Anaconda distribution of Python 3](https://www.continuum.io/downloads) or its equivalent. The [PyCharm IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm-edu/download/),  is recommended, but not required

## Part 4

**subtitle** : Intro to text analysis in Python

**description** : Students will learn the basics of cleaning, transforming, and formatting text data. They will build corpora, pull specific elements out of text strings, and pull simple metrics from text data like word counts and sentiment polarity. Students will be introcued to document classification. This workshop intoduces the basics of NLTK and gensim.

**knowledge requirements** : Python for Everything Part 3, or equivalent prior knowledge

**tech requirements** : Laptop required; please install the [Anaconda distribution of Python 3](https://www.continuum.io/downloads) or its equivalent. The [PyCharm IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm-edu/download/),  is recommended, but not required
